Add Identity Center integration docs (#48951)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/management/guides/aws-iam-identity-center.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: We need to pin the mdx file in our config.json https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/docs/config.json#L2284

Author: Yeah, navigation is generated automatically now.

title: AWS IAM Identity Center (Preview)
description: How to set up and use Teleport AWS IAM Identity Center integration
---

Teleport's integration with [AWS IAM Identity Center](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/identity-center/)
allows you to organize and manage your users' short- and long-term access to AWS
accounts and their permissions.

> With the Identity Center integration you can grant or revoke persistent access

Author: I did use the full name in a few places but using it everywhere throughout the guide I thought would be too verbose so opted for a shorter version mostly. I'm sure readers will understand what Identity Center refers to.

  assignments, are imported into Teleport as Access Lists.
- Identity Center account/permission assignments are expressed as Teleport role
  policies.
- Changes made to Teleport users or Access Lists with Identity Center assigned
  permissions are reflected in the Identity Center.

<Admonition type="warning">
Note that Identity Center integration requires using Teleport as an external
identity source.

As such, we recommend ensuring that all Identity Center users have access to
your Teleport cluster before turning the integration on to avoid access
interruption. If your Identity Center already uses external identity source,
you can configure corresponding [SSO connector](../../access-controls/sso/sso.mdx)
in Teleport or, if you're using Okta, turn on
[Okta integration](../../../enroll-resources/application-access/okta/hosted-guide.mdx).
</Admonition>

For managing long-term access, Teleport cluster administrators can designate
Identity Center-synced Access Lists owners who will be responsible for adding
or removing users and performing periodic access reviews. Users added to or
removed from such Access Lists will be added to or removed from corresponding
Identity Center groups.

> For short-term access, users can go through Teleport's standard Access Request

Author: Role requests should work? Permission set requests I have a note about that says they will be coming later.

flow in which case Teleport will assign requested privileges to a particular
user and automatically unassign once the Access Request expires.

<Admonition type="note">
The preview release of Teleport's Identity Center integration in Teleport 17.0
supports role Access Requests only.

Resource Access Requests (ability to request access to a particular permission
set in a particular account or a particular resource) will be added in follow
up releases.
</Admonition>

## Prerequisites

> - Teleport cluster version 17.0 or higher.

Reviewer: Should we mention that this is Enterprise feature only ?

Author: There is a prereq include but I didn't like it because it includes irrelevant information like tctl/tsh, etc.

We should mention enterprise though, I'll update.

Center integration. To get started, navigate to the "Add new integration" page
in your Teleport cluster control panel and select "AWS Identity Center".

![Pick Identity Center integration](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-pick-integration.png)

During this step, you will set up Teleport as an OIDC identity provider for
your AWS account and create an AWS role with the permissions required for the
integration to function, such as fetching Identity Center accounts, users,
groups, permission set assignments, and so on.

<Details title="Full list of IAM permissions required by Identity Center integration">
```
organizations:ListAccounts
organizations:ListAccountsForParent

identitystore:ListUsers
identitystore:ListGroups
identitystore:ListGroupMemberships

sso:DescribeInstance
sso:DescribePermissionSet
sso:ListPermissionSets
sso:ListAccountAssignmentsForPrincipal
sso:ListPermissionSetsProvisionedToAccount
sso:CreateAccountAssignment
sso:DescribeAccountAssignmentCreationStatus
sso:DeleteAccountAssignment
sso:DescribeAccountAssignmentDeletionStatus

iam:AttachRolePolicy
iam:CreateRole
iam:GetRole
iam:ListAttachedRolePolicies
iam:ListRolePolicies
iam:GetSAMLProvider
iam:ListRoles

> ```

Reviewer 2: since we are listing IAM roles, which is good thing, I think adding the comments like https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/lib/cloud/aws/policy_statements.go#L441C1-L481C2 should be even better to tell readers what these roles are used for?

</Details>

![Configure AWS integration](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-step1.1.png)

Enter required information such as Identity Center region, ARN and integration
name, and execute the generated command in the Cloud Shell.

After the script has run, fill out the ARN for the role created by the script.

![Run script for AWS integraation](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-step1.2.png)

## Step 2/6. Preview AWS resources

On the next step, you are presented with the list of AWS accounts, groups, and
permission sets that Teleport was able to find in your Identity Center.

![Preview AWS resources](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-step2.png)

Pick the default owners that should be assigned to the Access Lists in Teleport.
These resources will be imported into Teleport once you click Next.

## Step 3/6. Configure identity source

<Admonition type="warning">
After this step, Teleport will become your Identity Center's identity provider.

To avoid access interruptions, we recommend making sure that all existing

> Identity Center users have access to your Teleport cluster by e.g. using

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Identity Center users have access to your Teleport cluster by, for example, using
```
For me, this flows better in the middle of a sentence than "e.g.,", which I see more in parentheses.

the same [IdP](../../access-controls/sso/sso.mdx) as your current Identity Center

> external identity source.

Reviewer 3: Should this be in the Prerequisites?

</Admonition>

Follow the instructions to change your Identity Center's identity source to
Teleport.

![Configure identity source](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-step3.png)

## Step 4/6. Enable SCIM

The final step is to enable the SCIM endpoint in your Identity Center to
allow Teleport to push user and group changes.

![Enable SCIM](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-step4.png)

Make sure to test SCIM connection after enabling it.

## Step 5/6. Verify the integration

Navigate to the Access Lists view page in your cluster and make sure that all
your Identity Center groups have been imported:

![Access Lists view](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-lists.png)

<Admonition type="note">

> It may take a few minutes for the initial sync to complete.

Reviewer 2: nit: move this up before we show access list screenshot so that we warn user early on.

</Admonition>

Imported Access Lists should show the same members as their corresponding
Identity Center groups.

## Step 6/6. Connect to AWS

Once the integration is up and running, you will see an application named
`aws-identity-center` among your resources:

![Connect to AWS SSO portal](../../../../img/identity-center/ic-app.png)

Clicking the "Log In" button for this app takes you to your Identity Center
SSO start page which you can use to pick a role and connect to your AWS account
as usual.

## Usage scenarios

> 

Reviewer 3: I would add a brief intro paragraph to this section so readers know whether to keep reading. I wasn't really sure what the theme of this section is.

from the corresponding Identity Center group effectively revoking privileges.

In addition to membership changes, Teleport propagates changes in Access List
grants to Identity Center as well. In a scenario where, say, for an Access List
with roles `AdministratorAccess-on-my-account` and `ReadOnlyAccess-on-my-account`
one of the granted roles were to be removed, the corresponding Identity Center
group would see its assignments updated accordingly.

### Using role Access Requests

For short-term privilege elevation, Identity Center integration works with
Teleport Access Requests.

When an Access Request for a role granting Identity Center privileges is
approved, Teleport creates an individual assignment for that user in the
Identity Center. The assignment is deleted when the Access Request expires.

<Admonition type="note">
In a future version, Teleport will support requesting access to individual
permission sets using resource-based Access Request flow similar to other
Teleport resources.
</Admonition>

### Creating custom Identity Center roles

You can craft your own roles that bind Identity Center accounts to permission
sets, for example:

```yaml

> kind: role

Reviewer 2: I've seen `sub_kind: aws_identity_center` added to the generated role. Is that needed or not? Can you confirm @tcsc @smallinsky

Author: I don't think it's required in the user-defined roles.
